fix: Custom Cypress tests (#2080)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/faststore-config-options/custom-cypress-test.mdx

- Please note that this feature is experimental.

> - Ensure that you are using `@faststore/core` version 2.1.56 or above and `@faststore/cli` version 2.2.6 or above. If you have a version that is lower than this requirement, change the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that you are using `@faststore/core` version `2.1.56` or above and `@faststore/cli` version `2.2.6` or above. If you have a version that is lower than this requirement, change the following:
```

  1. In your store code, open the `package.json` file.

>   2. Navigate to the `@faststore/core` and and update them to be at least `2.1.56`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Navigate to the `@faststore/core` and and update it to be at least `2.1.56`.
```

- Refer to [Cypress documentation](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/overview/why-cypress) for more information on this testing tool.

> - Ensure that you are using `@faststore/core` version `2.1.56` or above and `@faststore/cli` version `2.2.6` or above. If you have a version that is lower than this requirement, change the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ensure you are using `@faststore/core`  `2.1.56` version or above and `@faststore/cli` version `2.2.6` or above. If you have versions lower than these requirements, update them as follows:
```

  1. In your storefront project, open the `package.json` file.

>   2. Navigate to the `@faststore/core` and update it to be at least `2.1.56`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  2. Navigate to the `@faststore/core` and update it to at least `2.1.56`.
```

>   3. Navigate to the `@faststore/cli` and update it to be at least `2.2.6`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  3. Navigate to the `@faststore/cli` and update it to at least `2.2.6`.
```

>   4. Run `yarn dev` to update your changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  4. Run `yarn dev` to apply these changes.
```

  }
```

## Step 2: Integrating custom Cypress tests into your FastStore project

> Just like any other project using Cypress, all standard Cypress folders and configuration files are supported. (see official Cypress configuration guide [here](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/configuration))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Like any other project using Cypress, you'll follow standard practices, including setting up standard Cypress folders and configuration files. This allows you to seamlessly add and execute your custom integration tests within your project. For further details on Cypress configuration, refer to the official [Cypress configuration](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/configuration) guide.
```

1. In the root directory of your storefront project, create a new folder named `cypress`.
2. Add your custom integration tests within the `cypress/integration` folder.
3. With the local server running, run `yarn test` to open the Cypress app and to check your tests execution.
4. Open a pull request with the changes you have made.
5. Within the pull request, navigate to **Checks > Integration Tests** and check the **Details** section.

![checks-integration-tests](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/custom-test-checks___583ac9b78e43ebdafde93a735a47d61b.png)

> 

Reviewer 2: I think the last step (_Review the results to check the execution status of your custom integration tests._) was supposed to be number "6".
